Hey everyone. Welcome back to Movie Recap. Today
I'm gonna show you a 2017 American superhero film
based on the Marvel Comics character
Spider-Man called, Spider-Man: Homecoming.
The film opens in New York City after the
Avengers battled the Chitauri. Salvage worker
Adrian Toomes is showing his co-worker a drawing
that his daughter made of the Avengers in action.
They proceed to work on taking apart the
Chitauri leviathan and gathering any tech
they can get their hands on. Soon, a van from
the U.S. Department of Damage Control arrives.
Anne Marie Hoag orders Toomes to shut down his
operation, and adds that they will be confiscating
all of their findings. Toomes protests and even
punches a Damage Control agent when he makes a
snide remark to him. Hoag then reasserts
her demand to Toomes to give up his work.
After learning that Tony Stark
is behind Damage Control,
Toomes gathers three of his co-workers, Jackson
Brice, Herman Schultz, and Phineas Mason,
to continue their work in gathering Chitauri
tech regardless of what they are told.
Eight years later, Toomes
and his guys are still at it,
with Toomes using his Vulture suit to
bring in a bag of Chitauri power core.
Meanwhile, Peter Parker is recording a video
log as he travels to Berlin with Happy Hogan
for what is really Tony recruiting Peter to
help him during the events of "Civil War".
Happy shows off the new Spider-Man
suit that Tony made for Peter,
which he gets super excited about. He later
records his fight alongside Iron Man and everyone
on his loyalist side during the airport fight
against Captain America and the other Avengers.
Tony then brings Peter home in his limo,
leaving him eager for their next mission.
Two months later, Peter is still waiting to
hear back from Happy over any new missions.
He goes back to being a normal
student at Midtown High School.
Peter makes plans with his best friend Ned to
build a Lego Death Star. Peter also has a crush
on a senior named Liz and is frequently taunted
by snotty rich kid Flash Thompson. When not at
school, Peter continues going around the city as
Spider-Man to help people as well as fight crime.
Peter refers to his Spidey work as the Stark
internship, and as a result, he quits his
school's decathlon team. While at school, Peter
secretly creates new web fluid for his shooters.
One night, Spidey catches four crooks with
Avengers masks trying to rob a bank using
high-tech equipment. Spidey shows up and fights
the criminals, until one of them uses a device
that emits a powerful blast, blowing up not only
the bank, but also the bodega across the street.
Spidey rushes over to save the
owner of the bodega and his cat.
Peter quietly returns to his room through his
window while not trying to let Aunt May know
that he was out. He crawls across the ceiling
and comes down to find Ned sitting on his bed,
holding the completed Lego Death Star. He
drops it and it breaks upon Ned's discovery
that Peter is Spider-Man. Ned is shocked but also
thrilled. Peter forces him to keep it a secret.
Peter later goes with May to dinner.
May is trying to get the silent Peter,
and Peter admits that he's been tired out from
the "Stark Internship," with May admitting
to not being a fan of Stark. They
see footage of the bank robbery,
and May warns Peter not to go anywhere
near that type of chaos in the city.
The entire next day at school, Ned asks
Peter questions about being Spider-Man.
They even watch a PSA from Captain America during
gym, and Peter briefly mentions fighting him. The
boys then hear Liz talking to her friends about
how she's got kind of a crush on Spider-Man,
leading Ned to blurt out in front of
everyone that Peter knows Spider-Man.
Liz then invites Peter and Ned to a party at her
house so that Peter can try to invite Spider-Man.
The boys attend the party, and almost
instantly, Ned tries to get Peter to change
into his Spider-Man outfit. Peter doesn't
want to until Flash starts pestering him.
He goes to change, but then sees an explosion
in the distance. He goes to investigate and
finds Brice and Schultz selling Chitauri tech
to a local gangster named Aaron Davis. Peter's
cell goes off when Ned tries to call him, making
Brice and Schultz think Aaron was setting them up.
Spidey intervenes and tries to fight the crooks.
He chases them until Vulture swoops down and grabs
Spidey. He drops him into the river as he gets
tangled in his parachute. Iron Man then comes down
and saves Spidey, finding out where he was because
of a tracker in his suit. Tony is not in the suit
as he is basically calling Peter, but he tells him
to stay out of crime-fighting for his own good.
Peter considers returning to the party, but
Ned has him hear on the phone that Flash has
everyone mocking Peter. Peter then finds a
weapon that one of the crooks left behind.
At Toomes's lair, Brice admits to dropping his
weapon as he was using his electric gauntlets
calling himself "Shocker". Fed up with Brice's
carelessness, Toomes cuts him from the team,
but Brice threatens to spill their secrets to
Toomes' wife and the public. Toomes responds
by grabbing a powerful gun off Mason's desk
and incinerating Brice with it, mistaking
an anti-gravity gun for a laser gun. He then
gives Schultz the gauntlets so he can be Shocker.
With Ned's help, Peter cracks open the weapon
to find a power core. He finds Schultz again
and places a tracker on him, discovering
that he is going to Maryland. To get there,
Peter rejoins the decathlon team as they
head to D.C. for the Nationals competition.
Peter sneaks out and goes to find Schultz as
Spider-Man. He catches the villains attempting
to hijack a Damage Control truck with more
weaponry inside. During his attempt to foil
the villains, Spidey is knocked unconscious
and wakes up in a Damage Control warehouse,
unable to leave because the door is sealed until
the morning. Peter talks to the A.I. system in his
suit, whom he refers to as Karen. She helps Peter
get a better understanding of how his suit works.
He even tells her about his feelings for Liz.
He also learns that the power core is basically
a bomb that will go off when exposed to
radiation. When he realizes he is about
to miss the competition, Peter has Karen help him
unlock the doors as he rushes to the competition.
Peter misses the whole competition, but the team
wins thanks to the help of reserved loner Michelle
Jones. The team then heads over to the Washington
Monument. He calls Ned to warn him about the power
core that he was holding, but is unable to
get the message through. As Spidey, he rushes
to the Monument, but the core goes off in Ned's
backpack as the team is riding up the elevator.
Spidey climbs up the Monument to save the
team, but he can't get in through the window
without using great force. The police arrive in
choppers and order Spidey to get to the ground.
Against their orders, Spidey leaps over
the choppers and swings from the bottom.
He breaks in and tries to hold the falling
elevator with his web, but the weight pulls
him down. He is able to hold the web and the
elevator as everyone inside climbs out. Liz is the
last person and nearly falls with the elevator but
Spidey catches her with the web and rescues her.
Back in New York, Karen reveals that the
Spider-Man suit records everything that
Peter has seen. She gets a visual on Aaron,
and Spidey later finds him in a parking garage.
He attempts to interrogate him to find out why he
was trying to get the tech from Toomes's goons.
Aaron says he was trying to get
them out of his neighborhood.
He figures that Spidey is new to
being a hero. Aaron tells Spidey
that Toomes is meeting to gather more tech at
the Staten Island Ferry later that afternoon.
On the Ferry, Toomes is meeting with
another criminal named Mac Gargan.
Spidey gets a call from Tony, but he lies about
what he's up to. Spidey spots Schultz on the
boat but sees Toomes and doesn't realize he is
Vulture. He swings in and incapacitates Gargan
and his goons. Toomes tries to use a weapon on
Spidey, but he holds it down with his webbing.
This backfires since the weapon becomes
unstable and splits the Ferry in half.
Spidey then tries to hold the
Ferry together with his webbing,
but it's not strong enough and it continues to
split. As Spidey holds on as much as he can,
Iron Man and his little drones show up to put
the Ferry back together and save everyone.
Spidey retreats to a rooftop. Iron Man finds
him and chews him out for not listening to
him and lying to him about what he's doing with
the suit. Peter then attempts to put the blame
on Tony for what happened with the "Ferry"
for not listening to him about the Vulture,
but Tony steps out of his suit this time and
reveals that he did in fact listen to Peter,
as he sent the FBI on the same Ferry that Toomes
was on. He goes on to remind Peter that, while
nobody got harmed, if somebody did, it would've
been on Peter. Feeling that he's unworthy of it,
Tony demands that Peter give him back the Spidey
suit. Peter pleads with Tony, saying that he's
nothing without the suit, to which Tony says that
he doesn't deserve it if he's nothing without it.
Peter is failed to convince Tony to let him
stay with the suit. He goes home to Aunt May
dejectedly. She gets on him for not answering
his phone all day, even going to the police to
find out where he was. She also knows about him
skipping detention at school earlier that day,
that he missed out on the Decathlon competition
in Washington and he sneaks out out of the house
every night. Demanding an explanation, he
admits to getting fired from the Internship.
Peter resumes his life as a student
and spends more time with Ned.
Peter finds Liz at school
and admits to liking her,
which she already knew. He then asks her
to the homecoming dance, which she accepts.
On the night of the dance, Peter goes to
pick up Liz, only to learn that her father
is none other than...ADRIAN TOOMES. After
some awkward photos, Toomes drives Peter
and Liz to the dance. As Liz tells Adrian about
Peter's background and the events at Washington,
he slowly starts putting together
the pieces of Peter's circumstances
and realizes that he's Spider-Man. Liz leaves
the car and Toomes quietly threatens Peter
by telling him to stay out of his business or
else he will kill him and anyone he cares about.
During the dance, Peter learns that Toomes
plans to steal a shipment of weaponry from a
plane coming from the Avengers Tower
heading to their new headquarters.
Peter ditches Liz and rushes to get his homemade
Spider-Man suit to stop Toomes. He heads outside
and is attacked by Schultz with his gauntlets.
Peter tries to reach his web shooter, but Schultz
continues to pummel him. He is saved by Ned, and
Peter sticks Schultz to a bus with the webbing.
Spidey rushes to stop Toomes with Ned being his
eyes and ears. Ned tries to get in touch with
Happy, but he doesn't care about it and hangs up
on him. Spidey finds Toomes in his lair. Toomes
attempts to reason with Peter that he's only
doing what he believes is necessary and that
the world isn't as black and white as the young
Peter believes it to be, but it turns out to be
a distraction as Toomes unleashes his suit as it
flies around the area, destroying support beams
and causing a pile of debris to fall on Spidey.
Toomes leaves him to die. Peter struggles to
lift the rubble off of him and he fears he is
going to die. He then remembers Tony's words,
he uses all his strength to pull himself out and
he'll have to do it all alone without Tony's help.
Spidey latches onto Vulture's suit as he
intercepts the plane. Toomes tries to gather
what he needs, but Spidey foils his plan. Toomes
gets in his suit and fights Spidey on the plane.
They knock out the turbines, sending
the plane toward Coney Island.
Spidey is able to maneuver the plane away from
the city and onto the beach as it crash-lands.
Toomes attempts to get away with the
weaponry, but Spidey tries to warn him
that they are about to explode. Toomes tries
flying away anyway, but the cores blow up and
he goes crashing down. Spidey finds Toomes
and saves him, but he leaves him next to the
rest of the weaponry for Happy and the police to
find later, leading to Toomes getting arrested.
At school, Peter finds out that Liz is moving
to Oregon with her mother while her father is on
trial. She is still upset with Peter for leaving
her at the dance. She says goodbye to Peter and
hopes that he can figure himself out. Peter is
back on the decathlon team, and Michelle is made
captain. She quickly mentions that her nickname is
MJ. Peter then gets a text to go to the bathroom.
Happy is there, thanking Peter for what he did.
He then tells Peter that Tony wants to see him.
Tony and Happy bring Peter to the new Avengers HQ.
Tony presents Peter with a brand new Spider-Man
suit, telling him that there are reporters
behind the wall waiting for a big announcement,
meaning Tony is about to officially make Peter
a new Avenger. However, Peter turns Tony down,
saying he prefers to be a "friendly neighborhood
Spider-Man" for now. Peter leaves, and asks Tony
if he was testing him and whether or not he
passed, and Tony seemingly confirms it adding
that there are no reporters. However, Tony is
actually surprised that Peter made the mature
choice of turning him down, and that there
really were a bunch of reporters outside.
Pepper Potts comes out, asking where Peter
is. She is frustrated that he walked out,
so Happy covers for them by giving Tony
a ring so he can propose to Pepper.
When Peter gets home, he finds
a bag from Tony on his bed.
Tony is convinced and has given Peter back the
original Spider-Man suit. Peter then proudly
puts it on, not realizing Aunt May is behindhim.
In Mid-Credits Scene. Toomes is locked up at The
Raft and he runs into Gargan, who mentions that he
and other criminals are trying to come together
to kill Spider-Man. Gargan then reveals that he
heard a rumor of Toomes knowing who Spider-Man
is. Toomes denies it, saying Spider-Man would
already be dead if he knew. He then leaves
Gargan to see Liz and his wife visiting him.
Thanks for watching See
you in another Movie Recap.
Please LIKE and SUBSCRIBE, and click
the bell icon to get new video updates
Have a nice day !